Fully funded scholarship to study Romania.
Scholarship is strictly for citizens of no N,
I U, Nigeria, Ghana,
Kenya, etcetera.
The scholarship covers tuition,
accommodation and monthly allowance.
To apply, you only need to upload C V motivation letter,
recommendation letter. No English test required.
The best part is Romania says apply for the scholarship first.
If you get the scholarship,
then you can go ahead and apply for admission.
Go to Google and search Romania Government Scholarship.
Then click on the official website.
This scholarship is available for Bachelor's,
Masters and P a G programmes.
First year you'll be taught in Romania
since majority of the programmes are in Romania.
But apply is absolutely free.
Read caption and other update shed.